[Music]
then Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his
place and strengthened himself against
Israel and he placed troops in all the
fortified cities of Judah and set
Garrison's in the land of Judah and in
the cities of a frame which ASA his
father had taken now the Lord was with
Josh effect because he walked in the
former ways of his father David he did
not seek the bales but sought the god of
his father and walked in his
Commandments and not according to the
acts of Israel therefore the Lord
established the kingdom in his hand and
all Judah gave presents to Jay hasha fat
and he had riches and honour in
abundance and his heart took delight in
the ways of the Lord
moreover he removed the high places and
wooden images from Judah also in the
third year of his reign he sent his
leaders Ben hail Obadiah Zechariah
Nathanael and my care to teach in the
cities of Judah and with them he sent
Levites Sameach Nathania
ziba daya a Sahel shamira Mothe Johana
'then add an idea
Tobiah and table add an idea the Levites
and with them Alysha mer
and Jehoram the priests so they taught
in Judah and had the book of the law of
the Lord with them they went throughout
all the cities of Judah and taught the
people and the fear of the Lord fell on
all the kingdoms of the lands that were
around Judah so that they did not make
war against Jehoshaphat also some of the
Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presence
and silver as tribute and the Arabians
brought in flocks 7700 Rams and seven
thousand seven hundred male goats
so johash event became increasingly
powerful and he built fortresses and
storage cities in Judah he had much
property in the cities of Judah and the
men of war mighty men of valor were in
Jerusalem these are their numbers
according to their fathers houses of
Judah the captains of thousands
aDNA the captain and with him three
hundred thousand mighty man of Valor and
next to him was Gia Hainan the captain
and with him
two hundred and eighty thousand and next
to him was a Messiah the son of
Zechariah who willingly offered himself
to the Lord and with him two hundred
thousand mighty men of valor of Benjamin
Alya a mighty man of Valor and with him
two hundred thousand men armed with bow
and shield and next to him was jaha's
Abed and with him 180,000 prepared for
war these serve the king besides those
the king put in the fortified cities
throughout all Judah
[Music]